Welcome to this video and you are master you went for the whole course and you learned a lot about Engler.
You should feel confident using its features and building web apps with it.
Now you'll learn about all its core features some advanced features how these features work together
and how you use them in a real application which you don't even deployed.
So these are all the building blocks you need to build amazing web applications with it.
Now of course really learning and mastering a framework means using it.
So use it.
Bolduc sample project pick some web pages you like and try to rebut them.
Maybe an easier version of them with angular dive into the individual features of Angler maybe even
dive in the source code of Angler.
It's open source in the end or have a look at the official documentation to dive deeper into some specific
use cases.
Also there are some advanced courses and tutorials available.
For example I myself do have some courses on me which allow you to dive deeper or use angler in conjunction
with are things like I wanted to do build mobile applications or two Gabr with note.
J.S. as a back end these are all great next steps and whether that's a course by me some other tutorial
or your own example project.
I'd be very interested in seeing what you build what you do so definitely send me a message if you bought
some amazing project or anything like that.
All the best to you.
See you may be an avid courses and simply have a great time